hey guys and thanks for tuning in a
trade chat my name is pants born
absorbance in today's episode 3 of the
cataclysm class changes series and today
we'll be talking about warlocks
in Cataclysm soul shards will no longer
be an inventory item they're only going
to be used for soul burn which can be
used three times during a fight and what
silver and does is you use it and the
only thing it consumes is soul shards it
just use any manner or health or
anything like that it's a global
cooldown and you use it along with
another spell and what it does is it
makes the spell more powerful for
example if you use summoned demon and
then stole burn it makes the demon
summit instantly or if you use drain
life and then still burn it'll be at a
sixty percent reduced cast speed or if
use demonic circle and soul burn you'll
get fifty percent movement speed for
eight seconds after teleporting so on
and so forth you can check the link
below me to see all of the different
ideas that they've come up with for use
of soul burn and that note fell
denomination will be removed from the
game because soul burn is kind of
similar to what it is now along with all
the other classes dots will benefit from
haste in the way the battle work is
there will be more ticks per the
duration of the spell so curse of agony
curse adumar no longer gonna be curses
they're going to be what's called veins
and veins are actually magical debuff so
you'll be able to put one bein in one
curse on each target at level 81
warlocks are going to learn fel flame
which is an instant cap that deal shadow
fire damage and it'll just like frost
fairy dust from ages it will use the
target slower of the resistances what
fell flamed us as it refreshes emily and
unstable affliction level 83 warlocks
are going to learn Dark Intent and what
that will do is increase dot crit or
he'll crit on a friendly target by 3%
are your target crits you'll receive a
buff for three percent additional damage
for 10 seconds and that that buff on you
will stack up to three times at level 85
you're going to learn demon's soul as a
warlock what that does is it takes your
soul infuses it with your demons soul
giving a given warlocks that burst cool
down that they don't have right now
it'll have a two minute cooldown and it
will last for the duration of the effect
will be dependent on which demon that
you chose to merge souls with and or it
will be like charges so it's it'll run
out at the end of the charges or the end
of the effect whichever comes first and
in Cataclysm how Fire will no longer
damage the
lock here's today's screenshot of the
day
see guys are probably like wondering
what the hell's I make sure it's like a
like
like a monster I guess
pilot it was not a very polite noise oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry